----------------------------------------------------------------
soscmd objselect - make selections in sos & print selected objects
----------------------------------------------------------------
USAGE
    soscmd objselect [-A] [-sco -suco -slk -snt -snm -snl -sr -stmp
                     -scm -scnm -sfo -sdo -sw -said -slbl<label>
                     -satr<name|name=value> -i] [pathnames]

DESCRIPTION
    All previous selections in the SOS window for this 
    workarea are first unselected and new selections are made
    based on the given options and pathnames.

    The selected objects are displayed along with version
    number if a specific revision is selected.

ARGUMENTS
    -A
        Append to the current selections. If this option
        is not provided then previous selections are
        unselected before new selections are made.

    -sco
        All objects checked out in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -suco
        All objects checked out without lock in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -scm
        All objects checked out and modified in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -scnm
        All objects checked out but not modified in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -slk
        All objects with the lock icon i.e. objects checked out 
        by others or in other workareas.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -snt
        All objects with the untagged icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions would not be picked using the revision
        search order.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -snm
        All objects with the unmerged icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions have unmerged branches.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -snl
        All objects with the not leaf icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions are not the latest on its branch.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sr
        Select recursively below any pathnames provided
        with the command.

    -stmp
        Select only files and directories that are not is SOS
        repository. (Only available for select/objselect command.)

    -sfo
        Select only files from any pathnames provided with the
        command.

    -sdo
        Select only directories from any pathnames provided with
        the command.

    -sw
        Select files in the workarea which have write permissions.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -said
        Select all objects in a directory only. This will not
        recursively traverse the directory. This can be used in
        combination with -sfo or -sdo.

    -slbl<label>
        Select files or directories with revisions having the
        specified 'label'.
        The 'label' can be TAG, SNAPSHOT or BRANCH name.

    -satr<name>
    -satr<name=value>
        Select files or directories with revisions having the
        specified attribute 'name' or 'name and value'.
        The attribute 'name' match has to be a complete string
        but the 'value' is searched as a sub-string. Also refer
        to '-i' option.

    -i
        Ignore case sensitivity. If the '-i' option is not present
        string matches are case sensitive. If '-i' is present
        then string matches are case insensitive.
        Currently used with '-satr<name=value>' for case insensitive
        search of the value field.
        
    pathnames
        Pathnames of objects are specified just as pathnames
        in Unix i.e. relative to the current working directory
        where each name is separated by a '/'.

        Similar to Unix pathnames the following conventions
        are supported:
          '.'          the current directory.
          '..'         the parent directory.
          Leading '/'  the ROOT directory of the WORKAREA.      

        You can also select revisions and branches using the
        same convention. The pathname must match the path to
        the object as displayed in the tree in the SOS window.

        However, you do not have to specify all levels in the
        'revision' hierarchy. For example, to select a branch
        or a tag you do not have to specify the intervening
        revision number in the path.

        When you select a file or directory without specifying
        the exact revision then the 'current' revision is
        assumed where 'current' implies the revision which is
        being used in the workarea.

        If you select a 'branch' without specifying the exact 
        revision number then it is equivalent to the 'latest' 
        revision of that branch.

        Since the 'main' branch is not displayed as a separate
        branch, as a special case, the 'latest' revision of the 
        file on the main line of development is selected when
        you specify the 'main' branch.

        When you select a 'tag' then it is equivalent to 
        selecting the revision which has the tag.

NOTES
    Icon based selection is based on the icons displayed in the
    SOS window. These icons, except the quill icon, may be 'stale'.
    For accurate results you should update your workarea before
    making a flag based selection.

    Revisions of directories cannot be selected unless directory
    revision history display has been turned ON in the SOS window.

EXAMPLES
    soscmd objselect
        Unselect all previous selections and do not select
        anything else.

    soscmd objselect mult.vhd ../alu.vhd
        Select the file 'mult.vhd' in the current directory
        and the file 'alu.vhd' in the parent directory.

    soscmd objselect adder.vhd/4 adder.vhd/5
        Select revisions '4' and '5' of 'adder.vhd'.

    soscmd objselect div.vhd/main
        Select the LATEST revision on the main line of 
        development of the file 'div.vhd'.

    soscmd objselect alu.v/13/bugfix_1.1
        Select the 'bugfix_1.1' branch of the file 'alu.v'
        which was created off revision '13'.

    soscmd objselect alu.v/bugfix_1.1
        Select the 'bugfix_1.1' branch of the file 'alu.v'
        without specifying the intervening revision number.

    soscmd objselect alu.v/13/bugfix_1.1/2/gold
        Select the 'gold' tag which is on revision '2' of the
        'bugfix_1.1' branch of the file 'alu.v'.

    soscmd objselect alu.v/gold
        Select the 'gold' tag without specifying exactly where
        it is in the revision hierarchy.

    soscmd objselect /top.vhd
        Select the file 'top.vhd' in the root directory of the
        workarea.

    soscmd objselect ..
      Select the parent directory.

    soscmd objselect -sr vhdl test
      Select the entire sub-tree including and below the 
      sub-directories 'vhdl' and 'test'.

    soscmd update -i
    soscmd objselect -sor -sco -slk
        Update the icons in the workarea and then select all
        objects which are checked out by anyone.

    soscmd objselect -sco cntr
        Select all objects which are checked out by you in
        the sub-directory 'cntr' and below.

    soscmd objselect -stmp -sr ./
        Select all objects that are not under SOS control
        below and including the current directory.

    soscmd objselect -sfo -sr .
        Select only files in the workarea that are
        under SOS control. 

    soscmd objselect -sdo -sr .
        Select only the sub-directories in the workarea.

    soscmd objselect -sw
        Select files in the workarea which have write permissions.
        Useful to CI files without being Checked Out.

    soscmd objselect -slblMCU_1.42
        Select the revision of files and directories which have
        the label 'MCU_1.42'.
        
    soscmd objselect -satrVersion
        Select the revision of files and directories which have
        the attribute name as 'Version'

    soscmd objselect -satrBUG_FIX=2367 alu
        Select the revision of files and directories in the ./alu
        hierarchy which have the attribute name equal to 'BUG_FIX'
        and the value for 'BUG_FIX' as '2367'. This can help in
        selecting files which changed to fix bug number '2367'.
        NOTE:  'BUG_FIX' is assumed to be a user defined
               attribute.

    soscmd objselect -said .
        Select all the files and dirs in the current directory
        only.

    soscmd objselect -said -sfo ./alu
        Select all the files in the alu directory.

----------------------------------------------------------------
