----------------------------------------------------------------
soscmd select - make selections in sos
----------------------------------------------------------------
USAGE
    soscmd select [-A] [-sco -suco -slk -snt -snm -snl -sr -scm -scnm
                        -sall -sunm -sm -sunp -sp -sncm -sne
                        -sfo -sdo -sw -slbl<label> -sfile<file>
                        -satr<name|name=value> -si -sor -sand -sNr
                        -sNh -sxr -sproj -snvp -sname<pattern>]
                  [-yscroll] [pathnames]

DESCRIPTION
    All previous selections in the SOS window for this 
    workarea are first unselected and new selections are made
    based on the given options and pathnames.

    These selections can then be used in SOS or by commands
    issued using 'soscmd'.

NOTES
    The '-sr' (select recursively below) option is implicit when
    any of the other '-s' select options are specified.
    You can override that by specifying the '-sNr' option.

ARGUMENTS
    -A
        Append to the current selections. If this option
        is not provided then previous selections are
        unselected before new selections are made.

    -sfile<file>
          
         Select objects whose paths are specified in the file
         <file>. <file> should contain one path per line.
         Paths in the file can be absolute or relative to the
         workarea root. All paths should be from the same workarea. 

    -sco
        All objects checked out in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -suco
        All objects checked out without lock in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -scm
        All objects checked out and modified in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -scnm
        All objects checked out but not modified in this workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sncm
	All objects not checked out but modified. It selects  objects that
	satisfies the following cases:

           a) If the object is a file or package it was NOT
              checked out, but made writable and modified.
    	   b) In this case the object - a file or a package will
              be selected  if it is not checked out, not
	      made writable but modified anyway. However in this case
              the preference setting from SOS File menu should be
              yes for check Read-only for modification.

    -sne
	All objects missing from the workarea. This will only select
	objects that have been marked as populated but are not existing
        in the workarea.

    -slk
        All objects with the lock icon i.e. objects checked out 
        by others or in other workareas.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -snt
        All objects with the needs update icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions would not be picked using the revision
        search order.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -snm
        All objects with the unmerged icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions have unmerged branches.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -snl
        All objects with the not leaf icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions are not the latest on its branch.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sr
        Select recursively below any pathnames provided
        with the command. This option is implied if any of the 
	other options are specified.

    -sname<pattern> 
        Select based on name patterns. A glob style matching is 
        applied to the filename or pattern. 

    -sNr
	Do not select recursively if other options are specified.

    -sNh 
        Do not expand revision histories..       

    -sunm
        Select only files and directories that are not in SOS
        repository. (Only available for select command.)

    -sunp
        Select all objects that are unpopulated in the workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sp
        Select all objects that are populated in the workarea.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sm
        Select files and directories that are in SOS
        repository. This option selects both populated
        and unpopulated objects.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sall
        Select all objects in the workarea and repository. This
        option selects all populated, unpopulated and unmanaged
        objects.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sfo
        Select only files from any pathnames provided with the
        command.

    -sdo
        Select only directories from any pathnames provided with
        the command.

    -sw
        Select files in the workarea which have write permissions.
        If pathnames are specified then look only in sub-tree.

    -sb
        Select all objects in a directory only. This will not
        recursively traverse the directory. This can be used in
        combination with -sfo or -sdo.

    -sxup 
        Expand unpopulated directories when traversing directory
        trees.

    -slbl<label>
        Select files or directories with revisions having the
        specified 'label'.
        The 'label' can be TAG, SNAPSHOT or BRANCH name.

    -satr<name>
    -satr<name=value>
        Select files or directories with revisions having the
        specified attribute 'name' or 'name and value'.
        The attribute 'name' match has to be a complete string
        but the 'value' is searched as a sub-string. Also refer
        to '-i' option.

    -si
        Ignore case sensitivity. If the '-i' option is not present
        string matches are case sensitive. If '-i' is present
        then string matches are case insensitive.
        Currently used with '-satr<name=value>' for case insensitive
        search of the value field.
        
    -sor 
	If multiple options are provided, do an 'or' of these options.
	By default the options are 'AND'ed for all command except 'status'
        for which the options are 'OR'ed.

    -sand 
	If multiple options are provided, do an 'and' of these options.
	By default the options are 'AND'ed for all command except 'status'
        for which the options are 'OR'ed.

    -sxr 
        Select external references. For directories, this option selects
        only the top-level directory which was added as a reference. 

    -snvp 
        Select objects which have been marked as never populate.

    -sproj<proj name> 
        Select objects from only specified project.

    -yscroll
        Vertically scroll the sos gui window to display the first
        selected object in the visible portion of the Hierarchy.

    pathnames
        Pathnames of objects are specified just as pathnames
        in Unix i.e. relative to the current working directory
        where each name is separated by a '/'. Absolute paths
        can be specified with certain restrictions described 
        later.

        Similar to Unix pathnames the following conventions
        are supported:
          '.'          the current directory.
          '..'         the parent directory.

        You can also select revisions and branches using the
        same convention. The pathname must match the path to
        the object as displayed in the tree in the SOS window.

        However, you do not have to specify all levels in the
        'revision' hierarchy. For example, to select a branch
        or a tag you do not have to specify the intervening
        revision number in the path.

        When you select a file or directory without specifying
        the exact revision then the 'current' revision is
        assumed where 'current' implies the revision which is
        being used in the workarea.

        If you select a 'branch' without specifying the exact 
        revision number then it is equivalent to the 'latest' 
        revision of that branch.

        Since the 'main' branch is not displayed as a separate
        branch, as a special case, the 'latest' revision of the 
        file on the main line of development is selected when
        you specify the 'main' branch.

        When you select a 'tag' then it is equivalent to 
        selecting the revision which has the tag.

        The pathnames could also be absolute paths : either Unix style 
        (starting with a "/" ) or windows style ( starting 
        with a drive letter eg C:/..). The following rules
        apply for absolute paths:-
      
        a) More than one absolute paths can be specified provided
           they are from the SAME workarea. It is an error to 
           specify absolute paths from different workareas. 
        b) A mixture of absolute and relative pathnames cannot be
           used i.e. all pathnames specified with a command should
           be either absolute or relative but not a combination 
	   of both.
          
 

NOTES
    You may use shell wildcards like '*' to specify pathnames
    but you should remember that the shell and not 'soscmd' 
    does the wildcard substitution. So you CANNOT select the 
    'gold' revision of all the files in your current directory 
    by using '*/gold'.

    Icon based selection is based on the icons displayed in the
    SOS window. These icons, except the quill icon, may be 'stale'.
    For accurate results you should update your workarea before
    making a flag based selection.

    Revisions of directories cannot be selected unless directory
    revision history display has been turned ON in the SOS window.

EXAMPLES
    soscmd unselect
        Unselect all previous selections.

    soscmd select mult.vhd ../alu.vhd
        Select the file 'mult.vhd' in the current directory
        and the file 'alu.vhd' in the parent directory.

    soscmd select adder.vhd/4 adder.vhd/5
        Select revisions '4' and '5' of 'adder.vhd'.

    soscmd select div.vhd/main
        Select the LATEST revision on the main line of 
        development of the file 'div.vhd'.

    soscmd select alu.v/13/bugfix_1.1
        Select the 'bugfix_1.1' branch of the file 'alu.v'
        which was created off revision '13'.

    soscmd select alu.v/bugfix_1.1
        Select the 'bugfix_1.1' branch of the file 'alu.v'
        without specifying the intervening revision number.

    soscmd select alu.v/13/bugfix_1.1/2/gold
        Select the 'gold' tag which is on revision '2' of the
        'bugfix_1.1' branch of the file 'alu.v'.

    soscmd select alu.v/gold
        Select the 'gold' tag without specifying exactly where
        it is in the revision hierarchy.

    soscmd diff alu.v/12 alu.v/#/gold
        Show the difference between revision '12' of alu.v and
        the revision tagged 'gold'.

     soscmd sel ./top.vhd
        Select the file 'top.vhd' in the root directory of the
        workarea.

    soscmd sel ..
      Select the parent directory.

    soscmd select -sr vhdl test
      Select the entire sub-tree including and below the 
      sub-directories 'vhdl' and 'test'.

    soscmd sel *.vhd
      Select the files with the extension '.vhd' in the current
      directory.

    soscmd sel -A *.vhd
      Select the files with the extension '.vhd' in the current
      directory in addition to all the files already selected.

    soscmd sel * */*
        Select all the objects in the current directory and 
        all the objects in the directories below it.

    soscmd update -i
    soscmd select -sor -sco -slk
        Update the icons in the workarea and then select all
        objects which are checked out by anyone.

    soscmd select -sco cntr
        Select all objects which are checked out by you in
        the sub-directory 'cntr' and below.

    soscmd select -stmp -sr ./
        Select all objects that are not under SOS control
        below and including the current directory.

    soscmd select -sfo *
        Select only files in the current directory that are
        under SOS control. 

    soscmd select -sdo *
        Select only the sub-directories in the current directory.

    soscmd select -sw
        Select files in the workarea which have write permissions.
        Useful to CI files without being Checked Out.

    soscmd select -slblMCU_1.42
        Select the revision of files and directories which have
        the label 'MCU_1.42'.
        
    soscmd select -satrVersion
        Select the revision of files and directories which have
        the attribute name as 'Version'

    soscmd select -satrBUG_FIX=2367 alu
        Select the revision of files and directories in the ./alu
        hierarchy which have the attribute name equal to 'BUG_FIX'
        and the value for 'BUG_FIX' as '2367'. This can help in
        selecting files which changed to fix bug number '2367'.
        NOTE:  'BUG_FIX' is assumed to be a user defined
               attribute.

    soscmd select -sb .
        Select all the files and dirs in the current directory
        only.

    soscmd select -sNr-sco alu/*
        Select checked out objects in the alu directory. 
	Do not go recursively below.

    soscmd select -sor -sco -slk 
	Select all files which are either checked out or locked.
     
    soscmd select ./dir/#/1 
        Select revision '1' of the directory 'dir'. This can be used
        to explicitly inform SOS that a revision is being selected.         

    soscmd select ./file/#/1 
        Select revision '1' of the file 'file'. This can be used
        to explicitly inform SOS that a revision is being selected.           

----------------------------------------------------------------
