----------------------------------------------------------------
soscmd tag - give a symbolic name to a revision
----------------------------------------------------------------
USAGE
    soscmd tag [-n<tagname>] [-ft]
               [-B [-F]]
               [-Na] 
               [-q ]
               [select options] 
               [pathnames]

DESCRIPTION
    Gives a symbolic tag or name to the selected revisions
    of files and directories. If a previous revision of the file
    or directory has the same tag then the tag is 'moved' to the
    current revision. If you do not select version nodes explicitly or
    not specify the -F option during tagging the tags on the same branch 
    will not move down the version history( i.e. newer to older). If the tag is
    defined to tag ancestors automatically the tag command with that tag  will 
    tag all the intermediate parent directories till the  project root node.
    This ancestor tagging can be disabled by the -Na option.

ARGUMENTS
    -n<tagname>
        Specify the name of the tag to associate with the 
        selected revisions.

        At least one tag name must be provided with the tag 
        command. You may use multiple '-n' options.

    -B
        Back off the Tag from the selected objects.

    -Na
        Do not tag ancestor directories. This option cannot be used with the backoff (-B) option.

    -q
        Quiet or non-verbose  mode. Do not print per object tag/backoff tag  status message. Only
        command summary is printed along with the tagged object count. 

    -ft
        Force tag even if the tag moves from newer to older version
        on the same branch for implicitly tagged ancestor directories. 
        This option cannot be used with the backoff (-B) option.
     -F
        It disassociates the tag from all the revisions of the object.
        If a tag was associated with multiple revisions over time, SOS tracks which revision had
        that tag at each moment in time. When the workarea is updated to a specific moment in time,
        a tag that has been simply backed-off from an object could reappear at another revision.
        This option, -F (Full) can only be used with the -B option. 

    -
    [select options] pathnames
        These are selection options.
        Refer to help for the 'select' command.

        The selections in the SOS window will change to the
        selection specified by these options.

        If no selection option or pathnames are provided then
        the command will be performed on the current selections
        in the SOS window.

NOTES
    To add a tag, the tag name must have been previously 
    defined in SOS.

    Tags, branches, and snapshots are in the same name space
    and are referred to as 'labels'. So names of tags, 
    branches, and snapshots have to be unique.
 
EXAMPLES
    soscmd tag -ngold
        Tag the currently selected revisions of files and 
        directories along with their ancestors in the SOS window with the name 'gold'.

    soscmd tag -ntested *.v
        Add the tag 'tested' to the current revisions (i.e.
        revisions in your workarea) of all the files with the 
        extension '.v' in the working directory.

    soscmd tag -ngold testbench.v/main
        Tag the latest revision of 'testbench.v' on the main
        branch of development as 'gold'.


    soscmd tag -ngold -ft testbench.v 
        Tag current version  of  'testbench.v' as 'gold' even if 'gold' was already on a later
        version on the same branch.

    soscmd tag -Na -nsynthesize link.v/8 phy.v/23
        Tag revision '8' of 'link.v' and revision '23' of 
        'phy.v' as 'synthesize' without tagging ancestors.


    soscmd tag -ngold -ntested .
        Tag the current revision of the working directory both
        'gold' and 'tested'.

    soscmd tag -ngold -B testbench.v
        Remove the tag 'gold' from the current revision of
       'testbench.v'.

    soscmd tag -ngold -B -F testbench.v
        Remove the tag 'gold' from the all the revisions of
       'testbench.v'.

    soscmd tag -ngold -sr -ft -q usb 
        Apply the tag 'gold' on current revision of object usb and its children recursively. 
        If gold is set to tag ancestors, then tag the current versions of ancestor directories 
        up to the workarea root  node as-is i.e. do not skip tagging if the tag already exists 
        on newer version of parent directories.  Use the  quiet or non-verbose mode printing
        only the command summary.
        

----------------------------------------------------------------
