----------------------------------------------------------------
soscmd update - update the workarea
----------------------------------------------------------------
USAGE
    soscmd update [-l<labelname>] [-i -sfo -rso] [-Npr] 
                  [-ccw] [-ccr] [-Npd<pathname>] [-K]
                  [-t<[yy]yy/mm/dd [hh:mm:ss]>] [-pr]
                  [-lco -luco -llk -lnt -lnm -lnl -lcm -lcnm]
                  [-P<project name>]

DESCRIPTION
    Updates your workarea and synchronizes it with the project.
    It applies your revision search order to each 'populated'
    directory and file and if a different revision matches then
    this revision is brought into your workarea.

    The files and directories in your workarea including their
    icons and attributes do not change until you update it.
    This provides you with a stable work environment even though
    other members of the team may be making changes to the
    project. The 'update' command lets you get all the latest
    changes into your workarea.

ARGUMENTS
    -l<labelname>
        Specify the name of the tag, snapshot, or branch name to
        be used in the revision search order.

        Multiple '-l' options may be specified to create a 
        revision search order consisting of multiple labels.
        The order in which the labels appear on the command 
        line will be the order in which they will be placed
        in the revision search order.

        If the '-l' option is not specified then the current
        revision search order will be used for the update.

    -i
        Update all the icons and attributes of the files and
        directories but do NOT actually change the files and
        directories in the workarea.

        This option is a convenient way to see what changes have
        been made without actually getting them.

    -sfo
        Update only files in the workarea. Do not update directories.

        This option is a convenient way to get a different
        revision of files already existing in the workarea,
        without getting new files or directories into the workarea.

    -rso
        Update the 'Revision Search Order' only. Do not do an 
        actual update. This implies -i to update all the icons.

    -Npr
        Do NOT recursively populate unpopulated sub-directories.
        If there are any new and/or unpopulated sub-directories 
        under populated directories then they will not be populated.
        This option is useful only if you have some directories
        which are not recursively populated and you want to
        keep it that way.

    -Npd<pathname>
        Do NOT populate unpopulated sub-directories under this pathname.
        If there are any new and/or unpopulated sub-directories 
        under this populated directory then they will not be populated.
        This option is useful only if you have some directories
        which are not populated and you want to keep it that way.

    -ccw
        Check workarea consistency. This option will check for the 
        existence and permissions of unchanged files in the workarea.
        You should use this option if you find files missing in your
        workarea.

    -ccr
       Check consistency against the repository. An update without this
       option is incremental and only checks and updates those objects
       that have changed since the last update. The '-ccr' option checks
       ALL objects without relying on the last update time. It checks
       the workarea consistency (implicitly includes -ccw option). It also
       verifies that the contents of the version in workarea are correct.
       The time required to update with this option is proportional to the
       size of the project and not the number of changes since the last update.

    -t 
        Update the workarea based on a specified time.  

        Multiple '-t' options may NOT be specified.

    -K 
        Object will not be updated if revision in workarea is newer
        than the revision matching RSO.

    -pr
        Preview what gets updated in the workarea.
        Actual contents of the workarea will NOT get updated.

    -lco
        List all objects checked out in this workarea.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.


    -luco
        List all objects checked out without lock in this workarea.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.

    -lcm
        List all objects checked out and modified in this workarea.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.

    -lcnm
        List all objects checked out but not modified in this workarea.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.

    -llk
        List all objects with the lock icon i.e. objects checked out
        by others or in other workareas.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.

    -lnt
        List all objects with the untagged icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions would not be picked using the revision
        search order.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.

    -lnm
        List all objects with the unmerged icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions have unmerged branches.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.

    -lnl
        List all objects with the not leaf icon i.e. objects whose
        current revisions are not the latest on its branch.
        This option may be specified only with the '-i' option.

    -P<project name>
        Update the workarea for the specified project(s).
        Multiple '-P' options are allowed.
        If project name is the special keyword 'All', then 
        all projects (primary and reference) are updated.
        If this option is not specified, by default All projects
        will be updated.
NOTES
    The '-i' and '-sfo' options are mutually exclusive.

    The '-K' option is mutually exclusive with '-t' and '-l' options.

    If a file or directory is checked out then the 'update' 
    command does NOT change this file or directory.

EXAMPLES
    soscmd update
        Update your workarea  using your current revision search
        order for the primary and all referenced projects.

    soscmd update -lsynthesize -lmain
        Update the work area using the revision search order
        of 'synthesize' followed by 'main'.

    soscmd update -i
        Update the icons and attributes but bring no new 
        revisions into the workarea.

    soscmd update -sfo
        Update only the files in your workarea using your
        current revision search order.

    soscmd update -t13/04/22
    soscmd update -t"2013/04/22 14:45:34"
        Update the workarea by reverting the state of the workarea
        to what it was at the specified time.

    soscmd update -Npd. -Npd./docs
        Update your workarea using your current revision search
        order.
        Populate any new or unpopulated directories that are
        under populated directories in the workarea except
        in the '.' and './docs' directories.

    soscmd update -i -lnl
        Update the icons and attributes and list all the objects
        that have the 'not leaf' icon in the workarea i.e. objects
        whose current revisions are not the latest on its branch.

    soscmd update -rso -lsynthesize -lmain
        Update the revision search order to 'synthesize' followed
        by 'main'. Also updates the icons based on new RSO.

    soscmd update -pr
        Preview what is going to get updated in the workarea.

----------------------------------------------------------------
